Update docs on paper pages (#773)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/paper-pages.md

## Linking a Paper to a model, dataset or Space

> If the repository card (`README.md`) includes a link to a paper on arXiv, the Hugging Face Hub will extract the arXiv ID and include it in repository metadata. Clicking on the arxiv tag will let you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the repository card (`README.md`) includes a link to a paper on arXiv, the Hugging Face Hub will extract the arXiv ID and include it in the repository's tags. Clicking on the arxiv tag will let you:
```
